I'll now show you how to review your cookies and history in Chrome.
To do this, click on the three dots top-right corner and select "Settings".
Within the Settings, select "Privacy and Security".
You can now go into the different Site Settings,
click on the cookies and site data.
You now see the different options you have with cookies.
But we want to view cookies that have been collected by a website.
So if we click on the "See all cookies and site data",
this is all of the remnants that has been left for my Web browsing.
Now let's look at what Udacity collects.
If we scroll down within the site data,
you'll see there are 21 cookies from when I went to Udacity.com.
If you click on the little arrow next to it,
you can see all of the little cookies.
This is the data that Udacity collects when you just go to their basic website,
to include the country you may live in,
your client ID and when you were there.
You can clear your Chrome settings by following the steps in the previous video.
You can also learn about the history of how and when
someone went to the Internet through their browser history.
How often do you clear your browser history, cache, and cookies?
Many of us don't think to do it and when we do it breaks what we do on the Internet.
So just be aware of the tracks you leave when browsing.